Update fTPM and Authvar TAs (#54)
ms-iot/imx-iotcore: Documentation/build-firmware.md

    $ git clone -b imx https://github.com/ms-iot/imx-edk2-platforms.git
    $ git clone --recursive https://github.com/tianocore/edk2
    ```
    Optionally, clone the security TA repo (`imx-edk2-platforms` includes precompiled TA binaries)
    ```bash

>     $ git clone  https://github.com/Microsoft/MSRSec

Reviewer: Again, missing --recursive?

Author: As above, should be automatic at build time.

### Deploying UEFI (uefi.fit) for development
Copy `uefi.fit` over to the EFI partition on your SD card.

### Updating the TAs in UEFI

> A firmware TPM TA, and UEFI authenticated variable TA, are included with EDK2. Generally, these TAs should work on any ARM32 system where OP-TEE is running, and RPMB is available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A firmware TPM TA, and UEFI authenticated variable TA, are included with EDK2. Generally, these TAs should work on any ARM32 system where OP-TEE is running, and eMMC RPMB is available.
```

> These binaries are built using OpenSSL by default but can also be built using WolfSSL (See `FTPM_FLAGS` and `AUTHVAR_FLAGS` in `common.mk`).

Reviewer: The ARM64 binaries look to be built using WolfSSL.  Have we not ported that yet? Also the armt32 imx7 uses wolf for one and openssl for the other down below.

Author: The authvars TA does not support OSSL yet, and I'm fairly sure there will need to be a few changes to get OSSL for 64 bit. Once the authvars TA works with OSSL I'll update the imx6/7 makefiles to default to OSSL.

### Deploying UEFI (uefi.fit) for development
Copy `uefi.fit` over to the EFI partition on your SD card.

### Updating the TAs in UEFI
A firmware TPM TA, and UEFI authenticated variable TA, are included with EDK2. Generally, these TAs should work on any ARM32 system where OP-TEE is running, and eMMC RPMB is available.

These binaries are built using OpenSSL by default but can also be built using WolfSSL (See `FTPM_FLAGS` and `AUTHVAR_FLAGS` in `common.mk`).

They are omitted from the firmware if the `CONFIG_NOT_SECURE_UEFI=1` flag is set. This is useful for early development work if RPMB storage is not functioning yet, or if eMMC is not pressent on the device.

They can be rebuilt using:
```bash
make update_tas
```
This updates the binaries included in the imx-edk2-platforms repo.
#### Clearing RPMB

> If the TAs are changed significantly, or the storage becomes otherwise corrupted, it may be necessary to clear the OP-TEE secure filesystem in RPMB. This can be done by building OP-TEE with the `CFG_RPMB_RESET_FAT=y` flag set. This flag will cause OP-TEE to erase its FAT metadata when it first accesses RPMB during a boot. This effectively clears all the data stored by the TAs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the TAs are changed significantly, or the storage becomes corrupted, it may be necessary to clear the OP-TEE secure filesystem in RPMB. This can be done by building OP-TEE with the `CFG_RPMB_RESET_FAT=y` flag set. This flag will cause OP-TEE to erase its FAT metadata when it first accesses RPMB during every boot. This effectively clears all the data stored by the TAs. After clearing the RPMB OP-TEE should be switched back to `CFG_RPMB_RESET_FAT=n` to allow variables to persist again.
```
